=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

Dist::Zilla::Plugin::UseUnsafeInc - Indicates in metadata the value of PERL_USE_UNSAFE_INC to use during installation

=head1 VERSION

version 0.002

=head1 SYNOPSIS

In your F<dist.ini>:

    ; this distribution still requires . to be in @INC
    [UseUnsafeInc]
    dot_in_INC = 1

or:

    ; this distribution does not need . to be in @INC
    [UseUnsafeInc]
    dot_in_INC = 0

=head1 DESCRIPTION

=for Pod::Coverage metadata after_build before_release

This is a L<Dist::Zilla> plugin that populates the C<x_use_unsafe_inc> key in your distribution metadata. This
indicates to components of the toolchain that C<PERL_USE_UNSAFE_INC> should be set to a certain value during
installation and testing.  If C<PERL_USE_UNSAFE_INC> has already been set in the environment, it is unchanged, but
the metadata is respected at a higher precedence than any setting that other tools e.g. L<Test::Harness> might have
done.

The environment variable is also set in L<Dist::Zilla> while building and testing the distribution, to ensure
that local testing behaves in an expected fashion.

Additionally, the release must be performed using a Perl version that supports C<PERL_USE_UNSAFE_INC> (that is,
5.26), to further guarantee test integrity. To bypass this check, set C<DZIL_ANY_PERL=1> in the environment.

=head1 CONFIGURATION OPTIONS

=head2 C<use_unsafe_inc>

This configuration value must be set in your F<dist.ini>, to either 0 or 1.  C<PERL_USE_UNSAFE_INC> will be set to
the same value by tools that support it.

=head2 C<DZIL_ANY_PERL>

When this environment variable is true, the Perl version check at release time (see above) is skipped.

=head1 BACKGROUND

=head1 SEE ALSO

=over 4

=item *

L<perl5260delta/'.' and @INC>

=item *

L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::EnsureLatestPerl>

=back

=head1 SUPPORT

Bugs may be submitted through L<the RT bug tracker|https://rt.cpan.org/Public/Dist/Display.html?Name=Dist-Zilla-Plugin-UseUnsafeInc>
(or L<bug-Dist-Zilla-Plugin-UseUnsafeInc@rt.cpan.org|mailto:bug-Dist-Zilla-Plugin-UseUnsafeInc@rt.cpan.org>).

There is also a mailing list available for users of this distribution, at
L<http://dzil.org/#mailing-list>.

There is also an irc channel available for users of this distribution, at
L<C<#distzilla> on C<irc.perl.org>|irc://irc.perl.org/#distzilla>.

I am also usually active on irc, as 'ether' at C<irc.perl.org> and C<irc.libera.chat>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Karen Etheridge <ether@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE

This software is copyright (c) 2017 by Karen Etheridge.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

=cut
